he violated school property and he wrote
obscene words on the wall
she thought he needed a father this
isn't working and on top of it all
you've gone wild I can't handle it
anymore and it scares me
he thought she needed a husband
sure got crappy taste in boyfriends
which is just about the time they met
Dwight Here I am you lucky people do I
people can call me anything they want as
long as they don't call me late or
supper what a dope
I talked to Dwight the other day and he
wants you to live with him for a few
months so what are you gonna do just
give me weight on well if you two get
along and if things work out I am he and
I might get married you're in for a
change mister you're in for a whole
nother ballgame don't give it like an
adventure we're gonna make a man you yet
Jackie hate here you know that you left
the lid off the door to boost again it's
not fair this is my house and I get to
say about the two-faced never for me huh
why the hell don't you ever help me
strain that damn boy out
I will not referee Warner Brothers
presents Academy Award winner Robert De
Niro
he's crazy I'm leaving why I'm so scared
I'm so scared I'm so scared
Ellen Morgan I could leave with you
right now couldn't I yes you're good oh
you're not leaving you're not leaving
this boy's life a triumphant story a one
Moi's struggle to be free